Update README.md (#25)
dgomes/hasp-lvgl-custom-component: README.md

      home_obj: "p0b2"
      next_obj: "p0b3"
    objects:
      - obj: "p0b4"
        properties:
          "text": "{{ states('sensor.my_room_temperature') }}°C"
      - obj: "p1b2"
        properties:
          "val": "{{ 1 if states('light.my_room') == 'on' else 0 }}"
        event:
          "on":
            service: light.turn_on
            target:
              entity_id: "light.my_room"
          "off":
            service: light.turn_off
            target:
              entity_id: "light.my_room"
      - obj: "p2b2"
        event:
          "changed":
            service: persistent_notification.create
            data:
              message: I like {{ text }}
```

### Configuration Variables

**hasp_lvgl:**\
  *(Required)* Your platform identifier. Can be replaced with `hasp_lvgl: !include zz_etc/hasp_lvgl.yaml` which will allow you to store all further options in a separate configuration file located at `zz_etc/hasp_lvgl.yaml`.

**plate_my_room:**\
  *(Required)* Your plate identifier. For each plate in your sytem, such an entry is required, has to be unique.

**topic:**\
  *(string)* *(Required)* The MQTT topic your plate is configured with.

**pages:**\

>   *(Required)* Page navigation objects: `prev_obj`, `home_obj`, `next_obj` are the dedicated objects on the screen which will navigate the pages in previous, home and next directions, respectively. (_Note:_ objects on page `0`, have `p0` in their name, they appear on all pages).

Reviewer: Actually they are optional :)

Author: fixed

**objects:**\
  *(Optional)* Definition of the objects reacting to changes in Home Assistant, or generating events for Home Assistant.

**obj:**\
   *(string)* *(Required)* The object identifier which we want to integrate with Home Assistant. Its name has the form `pXbY` where `X` represents the page where the object is located, and `Y` represents the `id` of the object on that page.

**properties:**\
  *(Optional)* List containing the properties of the object which we want to modify based on changes occurring in Home Assistant. In the example above `text` property gets updated whenever `sensor.my_room_temperature` changes. Various properties are available for the objects, full details in [hasp-lvgl documentation](https://fvanroie.github.io/hasp-docs/#objects/).
  
**event:**\

>   *(Optional)* List containing the events generated by the object when touched on the screen. These are object-specific, and can be obseved accurately with an MQTT client. In the example above, when object `p1b2` (which is a toggle button) generates the `on` event, `light.my_room` will be turned on by the service call `light.turn_on` as specified in the event config. And similarily when `off` event comes through MQTT, the light will be turned off by the corresponding service call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  *(Optional)* List containing the events generated by the object when touched on the screen. These are object-specific, and can be observed accurately with an MQTT client. In the example above, when object `p1b2` (which is a toggle button) generates the `on` event, `light.my_room` will be turned on by the service call `light.turn_on` as specified in the event config. And similarily when `off` event comes through MQTT, the light will be turned off by the corresponding service call.
```

_Note:_ Any variable coming from the MQTT message can be used between curly brackets, and passed to the service call. In the example above when object `p2b2` (which is a dropdown selector) generates the `changed` event, a persistent notification will appear in Home Assistant's Lovelace interface containing the selected text from the object, which was passed over from the MQTT message.

### Component-specific services

This component implements some specific services to make interactions with the plate even more comfortable.

**hasp_lvgl.load_pages**\

>   Clears plate and loads new layout from pages.jsonl file at optional path.

Reviewer: Should mention the **path** argument and the fact that the file must be located in a HA authorised location defined by https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/configuration/basic/#allowlist_external_dirs

Author: What argument? /pages_v3.jsonl is OK?

Reviewer: you need to pass full path, if you are running HA container or HA OS you can use: /config/pages_v3.jsonl

Author: Fixed.

>   Clears plate and loads new layout from pages.jsonl file at optional _full path_ (e.g. `/config/pages.jsonl` in casebof hassio). The file must be located in an authorised location deffined by [allowlist_external_dirs](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/configuration/basic/#allowlist_external_dirs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Clears plate and loads new layout from pages.jsonl file at optional _full path_ (e.g. `/config/pages.jsonl` in case of hassio). The file must be located in an authorised location defined by [allowlist_external_dirs](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/configuration/basic/#allowlist_external_dirs).
```
